Make message editing config public (#4591)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicepulse/intro-editing-messages.md

## Enabling the feature

{{DANGER:

> Editing malformed messages is a potentially destructive operation, which if used improperly can have consequences that affect the correctness of the system. If a malformed message is edited improperly, it could still be processed successfully, without any way to undo the effects. The possible effects of editing a malformed message are system-specific and ServicePulse is unable to determine if a potential edit operation is safe for the system. There is also no way to limit failed message editing only to certain security groups or to specific message types.

Reviewer: Should we add "at this time"? Or will it take so long to implement, that it'll probably be 2025 before it'll work? What do you think?
```suggestion
Editing malformed messages is a potentially destructive operation, which if used improperly can have consequences that affect the correctness of the system. If a malformed message is edited improperly, it could still be processed successfully, without any way to undo the effects. The possible effects of editing a malformed message are system-specific and ServicePulse is unable to determine if a potential edit operation is safe for the system. At this moment there is also no way to limit failed message editing only to certain security groups or to specific message types.
```

System designers may prefer to disallow message editing in order to guarantee the correctness of the system. As a result, the message editing feature is currently considered experimental and is **disabled by default**.

It is recommended to carefully evauate possible use cases for editing malformed messages and consider alternative solutions for those use cases such as [ServiceControl retry redirects](/samples/servicecontrol/fix-messages/), especially for use cases that are common and recurring. For help with alternatives for specific situations, contact [Particular Support](https://particular.net/support) for assistance.
}}

NOTE: Editing malformed messages requires both ServiceControl 4.1.0+ and ServicePulse 1.21.0+.

> The feature in ServicePulse is enabled by ServiceControl, through that application's configuration file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The feature in ServicePulse is enabled via the configuration file for ServiceControl:
```

1. Find the ServiceControl installation directory using ServiceControl Management Utility.

> 1. Edit the ServiceControl configuration file **ServiceControl.exe.config** with elevated privileges. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the ServiceControl configuration file `ServiceControl.exe.config` with elevated privileges. 
```

> 1. Add the following entry in the <appSettings> section of the file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the following entry in the `<appSettings>` section of the file:
```
